My vim configuration files

It also contains a _Rakefile_ for syncing files with your vim configuration directory.

h2. Installation

<code>
git clone https://github.com/lucapette/vimfiles

cd vimfiles

rake init

rake sync
</code>

h2. plugins

I use the following plugins:

* "pathogen":https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
This is a wonderful plugin for handling your configuration. If you don't use it you should.
* "command-t":https://wincent.com/products/command-t
Citing homepage _The Command-T plug-in for VIM provides an extremely fast, intuitive mechanism for opening files with a minimal number of keystrokes_. Believe him, it's really fast!
* "NERDTree":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658
This is a very famous plugins and provides a very nice tree filesystem tree.
* "codepath":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3435
I personally wrote this one and I use it to get the current project directory based on the assumption that all your projects are under the same _code_ path.
* "rails.vim":http://rails.vim.tpope.net/
I love rails and I love vim. Someone would say I love tpope. But everyone loves tpope. BTW, this plugin is essential if you are a Rails developer.
* "snipMate":https://github.com/garbas/vim-snipmate
This plugin tries to implement some features of the snippet feature of Textmate. I use it very often, you will.
* "Ack.vim":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2572
This plugin is just an interface to "ack":http://betterthangrep.com/. I recommend to get the latest version of ack on the website.

h2. Rake tasks

"Rake":http://rake.rubyforge.org/ is the ruby version of make. This project contains the following Rake tasks:

* init
You have to run it to ste up your installation
* update_bundles
It updates all the bundles repository from the remote source.
* sync
It copies all the project files into your home directory.

The sync task is the default one.

h2. Roadmap

* add all the plugins used to the README.
* reorganize snippets.
* write documentation for configurations.

h2. Copyright

Copyright 2011 Luca Pette

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
